Added specific role required for the step (#55383)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/tutorial-create-tenant.md

    ![Link tenant breadcrumb link highlighted in Azure portal](media/tutorial-create-tenant/portal-04-select-link-sub-link.png)

> 1. Select **Link an existing Azure AD B2C Tenant to my Azure subscription**. You need to be logged in as owner role to perform this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Link an existing Azure AD B2C Tenant to my Azure subscription**. You need to be signed in as a Global administrator to perform this step.
```

1. Select **Review + create**.
1. Review your directory settings. Then select **Create**.

> You can link multiple Azure AD B2C tenants to a single Azure subscription for billing purposes. You need to be signed in as a Global administrator to link multiple Azure AD B2C tenants to a single Azure subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can link multiple Azure AD B2C tenants to a single Azure subscription for billing purposes. To link a tenant, you must be an admin in the Azure AD B2C tenant and be assigned at least a Contributor role within the Azure subscription. See [Link an Azure AD B2C tenant to a subscription](billing.md#link-an-azure-ad-b2c-tenant-to-a-subscription).
```
